README.md, before:

# AdversarialNetsPapers
The classical Papers about adversarial nets

The First paper
--------------------------------------------
:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1406.2661)
[[Code]](https://github.com/goodfeli/adversarial)(the first paper about it)

## Unclassified

:white_check_mark: [Deep Generative Image Models using a Laplacian Pyramid of Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.05751)[[Code]](https://github.com/facebook/eyescream)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434)[[Code]](https://github.com/jacobgil/keras-dcgan)(Gan with convolutional networks)(ICLR)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Autoencoders] [[Paper]](http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05644)[[Code]](https://github.com/musyoku/adversarial-autoencoder)


:white_check_mark: [Generating Images with Perceptual Similarity Metrics based on Deep Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.02644v2.pdf)


:white_check_mark: [Generating images with recurrent adversarial networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.05110)[[Code]](https://github.com/ofirnachum/sequence_gan)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Visual Manipulation on the Natural Image Manifold] [[Paper]](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~junyanz/projects/gvm/eccv16_gvm.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/junyanz/iGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Text to Image Synthesis] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.05396)[[Code]](https://github.com/reedscot/icml2016)[[code]](https://github.com/paarthneekhara/text-to-image)


:white_check_mark: [Learning What and Where to Draw] [[Paper]](http://www.scottreed.info/files/nips2016.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/reedscot/nips2016)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Training for Sketch Retrieval] [[Paper]](http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-46604-0_55)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Image Modeling using Style and Structure Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.05631.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/xiaolonw/ss-gan)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Networks as Variational Training of Energy Based Models] [[Paper]](http://www.mathpubs.com/detail/1611.01799v1/Generative-Adversarial-Networks-as-Variational-Training-of-Energy-Based-Models)(ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Training Methods for Semi-Supervised Text Classification] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07725)[[Note]](https://github.com/dennybritz/deeplearning-papernotes/blob/master/notes/adversarial-text-classification.md)( Ian Goodfellow Paper)

:white_check_mark: [Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.07828)[[code]](https://github.com/carpedm20/simulated-unsupervised-tensorflow)（Apple paper）

:white_check_mark: [Synthesizing the preferred inputs for neurons in neural networks via deep generator networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1605.09304v5.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/Evolving-AI-Lab/synthesizing)

:white_check_mark: [SalGAN: Visual Saliency Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.01081)[[Code]](https://github.com/imatge-upc/saliency-salgan-2017)


:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Feature Learning] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.09782)

## Ensemble

:white_check_mark: [AdaGAN: Boosting Generative Models] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.02386)[[Code]]（Google Brain）

## Clustering

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Learning Using Generative Adversarial Training And Clustering] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SJ8BZTjeg&noteId=SJ8BZTjeg)[[Code]](https://github.com/VittalP/UnsupGAN)(ICLR)
:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning with Categorical Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06390)(ICLR)

## Image Inpainting

:white_check_mark: [Semantic Image Inpainting with Perceptual and Contextual Losses] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.07539)[[Code]](https://github.com/bamos/dcgan-completion.tensorflow)

:white_check_mark: [Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.07379)[[Code]](https://github.com/jazzsaxmafia/Inpainting)

:white_check_mark: [Semi-Supervised Learning with Context-Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06430v1)

## Joint Probability

:white_check_mark: [Adversarially Learned Inference][[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.00704)[[Code]](https://github.com/IshmaelBelghazi/ALI)

## Super-Resolution

:white_check_mark: [Image super-resolution through deep learning ][[Code]](https://github.com/david-gpu/srez)(Just for face dataset)

:white_check_mark: [Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.04802)[[Code]](https://github.com/leehomyc/Photo-Realistic-Super-Resoluton)（Using Deep residual network）

:white_check_mark: [EnhanceGAN] [[Docs]](https://medium.com/@richardherbert/faces-from-noise-super-enhancing-8x8-images-with-enhancegan-ebda015bb5e0#.io6pskvin)[[Code]]


## Disocclusion

:white_check_mark: [Robust LSTM-Autoencoders for Face De-Occlusion in the Wild] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.08534)

## Semantic Segmentation

:white_check_mark: [Semantic Segmentation using Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.08408)（soumith's paper）

## Object Detection

:white_check_mark: [Perceptual generative adversarial networks for small object detection] [[Paper]]（Submitted）

:white_check_mark: [A-Fast-RCNN: Hard Positive Generation via Adversary for Object Detection] [[Paper]](http://abhinavsh.info/papers/pdfs/adversarial_object_detection.pdf)(CVPR2017)

## RNN

:white_check_mark: [C-RNN-GAN: Continuous recurrent neural networks with adversarial training] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.09904)[[Code]](https://github.com/olofmogren/c-rnn-gan)

## Conditional adversarial

:white_check_mark: [Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1411.1784)[[Code]](https://github.com/zhangqianhui/Conditional-Gans)

:white_check_mark: [InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03657)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/supervised_infogan)

:white_check_mark: [Image-to-image translation using conditional adversarial nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.07004v1.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix)[[Code]](https://github.com/yenchenlin/pix2pix-tensorflow)

:white_check_mark: [Conditional Image Synthesis With Auxiliary Classifier GANs] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.09585)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/ac-gan)(GoogleBrain ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Pixel-Level Domain Transfer] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.07442v2.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/fxia22/pldtgan)

:white_check_mark: [Invertible Conditional GANs for image editing] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06355)[[Code]](https://github.com/Guim3/IcGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Plug & Play Generative Networks: Conditional Iterative Generation of Images in Latent Space] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.00005v1)[[Code]](https://github.com/Evolving-AI-Lab/ppgn)

:white_check_mark: [StackGAN: Text to Photo-realistic Image Synthesis with Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.03242v1.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/hanzhanggit/StackGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.02676.pdf)

:white_check_mark: [Learning to Discover Cross-Domain Relations with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05192)[[Code]](https://github.com/carpedm20/DiscoGAN-pytorch)

## Video Prediction

:white_check_mark: [Deep multi-scale video prediction beyond mean square error] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05440)[[Code]](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)(Yann LeCun's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Learning for Physical Interaction through Video Prediction] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07157)(Ian Goodfellow's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Generating Videos with Scene Dynamics] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.02612)[[Web]](http://web.mit.edu/vondrick/tinyvideo/)[[Code]](https://github.com/cvondrick/videogan)

## Texture Synthesis & style transfer

:white_check_mark: [Precomputed real-time texture synthesis with markovian generative adversarial networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.04382)[[Code]](https://github.com/chuanli11/MGANs)(ECCV 2016)


## GAN Theory

:white_check_mark: [Energy-based generative adversarial network] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03126v2.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/ebgan)(Lecun paper)

:white_check_mark: [Improved Techniques for Training GANs] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03498)[[Code]](https://github.com/openai/improved-gan)(Goodfellow's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Mode RegularizedGenerative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/pdf?id=HJKkY35le)(Yoshua Bengio , ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Improving Generative Adversarial Networks with Denoising Feature Matching] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/pdf?id=S1X7nhsxl)[[Code]](https://github.com/hvy/chainer-gan-denoising-feature-matching)(Yoshua Bengio , ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Sampling Generative Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.04468)[[Code]](https://github.com/dribnet/plat)

:white_check_mark: [Mode Regularized Generative Adversarial Networkss] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.02136)( Yoshua Bengio's paper)

:white_check_mark: [How to train Gans] [[Docu]](https://github.com/soumith/ganhacks#authors)

:white_check_mark: [Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](http://openreview.net/forum?id=Hk4_qw5xe)(ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Unrolled Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.02163)[[Code]](https://github.com/poolio/unrolled_gan)

:white_check_mark: [Wasserstein GAN] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.07875)[[Code]](https://github.com/martinarjovsky/WassersteinGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Loss-Sensitive Generative Adversarial Networks on Lipschitz Densities] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.06264)[[Code]](https://github.com/guojunq/lsgan)(The same as WGan)

:white_check_mark: [Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.04862)


## 3D

:white_check_mark: [Learning a Probabilistic Latent Space of Object Shapes via 3D Generative-Adversarial Modeling] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.07584)[[Web]](http://3dgan.csail.mit.edu/)[[code]](https://github.com/zck119/3dgan-release)(2016 NIPS)

## Face Generative and Editing

:white_check_mark: [Autoencoding beyond pixels using a learned similarity metric] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.09300)[[code]](https://github.com/andersbll/autoencoding_beyond_pixels)

:white_check_mark: [Coupled Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](http://mingyuliu.net/)[[Caffe Code]](https://github.com/mingyuliutw/CoGAN)[[Tensorflow Code]](https://github.com/andrewliao11/CoGAN-tensorflow)（NIPS）

:white_check_mark: [Invertible Conditional GANs for image editing] [[Paper]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B48XS5sLi1OlRkRIbkZWUmdoQmM/view)[[Code]](https://github.com/Guim3/IcGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Learning Residual Images for Face Attribute Manipulation] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.05363)

:white_check_mark: [Neural Photo Editing with Introspective Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.07093)[[Code]](https://github.com/ajbrock/Neural-Photo-Editor)(ICLR 2017)

## For discrete distributions

:white_check_mark: [Maximum-Likelihood Augmented Discrete Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.07983v1)

:white_check_mark: [Boundary-Seeking Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.08431)

# Project

:white_check_mark: [cleverhans] [[Code]](https://github.com/openai/cleverhans)(A library for benchmarking vulnerability to adversarial examples)

:white_check_mark: [reset-cppn-gan-tensorflow] [[Code]](https://github.com/hardmaru/resnet-cppn-gan-tensorflow)(Using Residual Generative Adversarial Networks and Variational Auto-encoder techniques to produce high resolution images)

:white_check_mark: [HyperGAN] [[Code]](https://github.com/255bits/HyperGAN)(Open source GAN focused on scale and usability)

# Blogs
| Author | Address |
|:----:|:---:|
| **inFERENCe** |  [Adversarial network](http://www.inference.vc/)  |
| **inFERENCe** |  [InfoGan](http://www.inference.vc/infogan-variational-bound-on-mutual-information-twice/)  |
| **distill** |  [Deconvolution and Image Generation](http://distill.pub/2016/deconv-checkerboard/)  |
| **yingzhenli** |  [Gan theory](http://www.yingzhenli.net/home/blog/?p=421http://www.yingzhenli.net/home/blog/?p=421)  |
| **OpenAI** |  [Generative model](https://openai.com/blog/generative-models/)  |


# Other

:white_check_mark: [1] http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf (NIPS Goodfellow Slides)[[Chinese Trans]](http://c.m.163.com/news/a/C7UE2MLT0511AQHO.html?spss=newsapp&spsw=1)[[details]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.00160v1.pdf)

:white_check_mark: [2] [[PDF]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxKBnD5y2M8NbzBUbXRwUDBZOVU/view)(NIPS Lecun Slides)

Commit message:

add GANS for Sequences of Discrete Elements with the Gumbel-softmax Distribution

README.md, after:

# AdversarialNetsPapers
The classical Papers about adversarial nets

The First paper
--------------------------------------------
:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1406.2661)
[[Code]](https://github.com/goodfeli/adversarial)(the first paper about it)

## Unclassified

:white_check_mark: [Deep Generative Image Models using a Laplacian Pyramid of Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.05751)[[Code]](https://github.com/facebook/eyescream)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434)[[Code]](https://github.com/jacobgil/keras-dcgan)(Gan with convolutional networks)(ICLR)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Autoencoders] [[Paper]](http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05644)[[Code]](https://github.com/musyoku/adversarial-autoencoder)


:white_check_mark: [Generating Images with Perceptual Similarity Metrics based on Deep Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.02644v2.pdf)


:white_check_mark: [Generating images with recurrent adversarial networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.05110)[[Code]](https://github.com/ofirnachum/sequence_gan)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Visual Manipulation on the Natural Image Manifold] [[Paper]](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~junyanz/projects/gvm/eccv16_gvm.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/junyanz/iGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Text to Image Synthesis] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.05396)[[Code]](https://github.com/reedscot/icml2016)[[code]](https://github.com/paarthneekhara/text-to-image)


:white_check_mark: [Learning What and Where to Draw] [[Paper]](http://www.scottreed.info/files/nips2016.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/reedscot/nips2016)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Training for Sketch Retrieval] [[Paper]](http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-46604-0_55)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Image Modeling using Style and Structure Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.05631.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/xiaolonw/ss-gan)

:white_check_mark: [Generative Adversarial Networks as Variational Training of Energy Based Models] [[Paper]](http://www.mathpubs.com/detail/1611.01799v1/Generative-Adversarial-Networks-as-Variational-Training-of-Energy-Based-Models)(ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Training Methods for Semi-Supervised Text Classification] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07725)[[Note]](https://github.com/dennybritz/deeplearning-papernotes/blob/master/notes/adversarial-text-classification.md)( Ian Goodfellow Paper)

:white_check_mark: [Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.07828)[[code]](https://github.com/carpedm20/simulated-unsupervised-tensorflow)（Apple paper）

:white_check_mark: [Synthesizing the preferred inputs for neurons in neural networks via deep generator networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1605.09304v5.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/Evolving-AI-Lab/synthesizing)

:white_check_mark: [SalGAN: Visual Saliency Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.01081)[[Code]](https://github.com/imatge-upc/saliency-salgan-2017)


:white_check_mark: [Adversarial Feature Learning] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.09782)

## Ensemble

:white_check_mark: [AdaGAN: Boosting Generative Models] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.02386)[[Code]]（Google Brain）

## Clustering

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Learning Using Generative Adversarial Training And Clustering] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SJ8BZTjeg&noteId=SJ8BZTjeg)[[Code]](https://github.com/VittalP/UnsupGAN)(ICLR)
:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning with Categorical Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06390)(ICLR)

## Image Inpainting

:white_check_mark: [Semantic Image Inpainting with Perceptual and Contextual Losses] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.07539)[[Code]](https://github.com/bamos/dcgan-completion.tensorflow)

:white_check_mark: [Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.07379)[[Code]](https://github.com/jazzsaxmafia/Inpainting)

:white_check_mark: [Semi-Supervised Learning with Context-Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06430v1)

## Joint Probability

:white_check_mark: [Adversarially Learned Inference][[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.00704)[[Code]](https://github.com/IshmaelBelghazi/ALI)

## Super-Resolution

:white_check_mark: [Image super-resolution through deep learning ][[Code]](https://github.com/david-gpu/srez)(Just for face dataset)

:white_check_mark: [Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.04802)[[Code]](https://github.com/leehomyc/Photo-Realistic-Super-Resoluton)（Using Deep residual network）

:white_check_mark: [EnhanceGAN] [[Docs]](https://medium.com/@richardherbert/faces-from-noise-super-enhancing-8x8-images-with-enhancegan-ebda015bb5e0#.io6pskvin)[[Code]]


## Disocclusion

:white_check_mark: [Robust LSTM-Autoencoders for Face De-Occlusion in the Wild] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.08534)

## Semantic Segmentation

:white_check_mark: [Semantic Segmentation using Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.08408)（soumith's paper）

## Object Detection

:white_check_mark: [Perceptual generative adversarial networks for small object detection] [[Paper]]（Submitted）

:white_check_mark: [A-Fast-RCNN: Hard Positive Generation via Adversary for Object Detection] [[Paper]](http://abhinavsh.info/papers/pdfs/adversarial_object_detection.pdf)(CVPR2017)

## RNN

:white_check_mark: [C-RNN-GAN: Continuous recurrent neural networks with adversarial training] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.09904)[[Code]](https://github.com/olofmogren/c-rnn-gan)

## Conditional adversarial

:white_check_mark: [Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1411.1784)[[Code]](https://github.com/zhangqianhui/Conditional-Gans)

:white_check_mark: [InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03657)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/supervised_infogan)

:white_check_mark: [Image-to-image translation using conditional adversarial nets] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.07004v1.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix)[[Code]](https://github.com/yenchenlin/pix2pix-tensorflow)

:white_check_mark: [Conditional Image Synthesis With Auxiliary Classifier GANs] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.09585)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/ac-gan)(GoogleBrain ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Pixel-Level Domain Transfer] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.07442v2.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/fxia22/pldtgan)

:white_check_mark: [Invertible Conditional GANs for image editing] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06355)[[Code]](https://github.com/Guim3/IcGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Plug & Play Generative Networks: Conditional Iterative Generation of Images in Latent Space] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.00005v1)[[Code]](https://github.com/Evolving-AI-Lab/ppgn)

:white_check_mark: [StackGAN: Text to Photo-realistic Image Synthesis with Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.03242v1.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/hanzhanggit/StackGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.02676.pdf)

:white_check_mark: [Learning to Discover Cross-Domain Relations with Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05192)[[Code]](https://github.com/carpedm20/DiscoGAN-pytorch)

## Video Prediction

:white_check_mark: [Deep multi-scale video prediction beyond mean square error] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05440)[[Code]](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)(Yann LeCun's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Unsupervised Learning for Physical Interaction through Video Prediction] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07157)(Ian Goodfellow's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Generating Videos with Scene Dynamics] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.02612)[[Web]](http://web.mit.edu/vondrick/tinyvideo/)[[Code]](https://github.com/cvondrick/videogan)

## Texture Synthesis & style transfer

:white_check_mark: [Precomputed real-time texture synthesis with markovian generative adversarial networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.04382)[[Code]](https://github.com/chuanli11/MGANs)(ECCV 2016)


## GAN Theory

:white_check_mark: [Energy-based generative adversarial network] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03126v2.pdf)[[Code]](https://github.com/buriburisuri/ebgan)(Lecun paper)

:white_check_mark: [Improved Techniques for Training GANs] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03498)[[Code]](https://github.com/openai/improved-gan)(Goodfellow's paper)

:white_check_mark: [Mode RegularizedGenerative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/pdf?id=HJKkY35le)(Yoshua Bengio , ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Improving Generative Adversarial Networks with Denoising Feature Matching] [[Paper]](https://openreview.net/pdf?id=S1X7nhsxl)[[Code]](https://github.com/hvy/chainer-gan-denoising-feature-matching)(Yoshua Bengio , ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Sampling Generative Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.04468)[[Code]](https://github.com/dribnet/plat)

:white_check_mark: [Mode Regularized Generative Adversarial Networkss] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.02136)( Yoshua Bengio's paper)

:white_check_mark: [How to train Gans] [[Docu]](https://github.com/soumith/ganhacks#authors)

:white_check_mark: [Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](http://openreview.net/forum?id=Hk4_qw5xe)(ICLR 2017)

:white_check_mark: [Unrolled Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.02163)[[Code]](https://github.com/poolio/unrolled_gan)

:white_check_mark: [Wasserstein GAN] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.07875)[[Code]](https://github.com/martinarjovsky/WassersteinGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Loss-Sensitive Generative Adversarial Networks on Lipschitz Densities] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.06264)[[Code]](https://github.com/guojunq/lsgan)(The same as WGan)

:white_check_mark: [Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.04862)


## 3D

:white_check_mark: [Learning a Probabilistic Latent Space of Object Shapes via 3D Generative-Adversarial Modeling] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.07584)[[Web]](http://3dgan.csail.mit.edu/)[[code]](https://github.com/zck119/3dgan-release)(2016 NIPS)

## Face Generative and Editing

:white_check_mark: [Autoencoding beyond pixels using a learned similarity metric] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.09300)[[code]](https://github.com/andersbll/autoencoding_beyond_pixels)

:white_check_mark: [Coupled Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](http://mingyuliu.net/)[[Caffe Code]](https://github.com/mingyuliutw/CoGAN)[[Tensorflow Code]](https://github.com/andrewliao11/CoGAN-tensorflow)（NIPS）

:white_check_mark: [Invertible Conditional GANs for image editing] [[Paper]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B48XS5sLi1OlRkRIbkZWUmdoQmM/view)[[Code]](https://github.com/Guim3/IcGAN)

:white_check_mark: [Learning Residual Images for Face Attribute Manipulation] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.05363)

:white_check_mark: [Neural Photo Editing with Introspective Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.07093)[[Code]](https://github.com/ajbrock/Neural-Photo-Editor)(ICLR 2017)

## For discrete distributions

:white_check_mark: [Maximum-Likelihood Augmented Discrete Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.07983v1)

:white_check_mark: [Boundary-Seeking Generative Adversarial Networks] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.08431)

:white_check_mark: [GANS for Sequences of Discrete Elements with the Gumbel-softmax Distribution] [[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.04051)

# Project

:white_check_mark: [cleverhans] [[Code]](https://github.com/openai/cleverhans)(A library for benchmarking vulnerability to adversarial examples)

:white_check_mark: [reset-cppn-gan-tensorflow] [[Code]](https://github.com/hardmaru/resnet-cppn-gan-tensorflow)(Using Residual Generative Adversarial Networks and Variational Auto-encoder techniques to produce high resolution images)

:white_check_mark: [HyperGAN] [[Code]](https://github.com/255bits/HyperGAN)(Open source GAN focused on scale and usability)

# Blogs
| Author | Address |
|:----:|:---:|
| **inFERENCe** |  [Adversarial network](http://www.inference.vc/)  |
| **inFERENCe** |  [InfoGan](http://www.inference.vc/infogan-variational-bound-on-mutual-information-twice/)  |
| **distill** |  [Deconvolution and Image Generation](http://distill.pub/2016/deconv-checkerboard/)  |
| **yingzhenli** |  [Gan theory](http://www.yingzhenli.net/home/blog/?p=421http://www.yingzhenli.net/home/blog/?p=421)  |
| **OpenAI** |  [Generative model](https://openai.com/blog/generative-models/)  |


# Other

:white_check_mark: [1] http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf (NIPS Goodfellow Slides)[[Chinese Trans]](http://c.m.163.com/news/a/C7UE2MLT0511AQHO.html?spss=newsapp&spsw=1)[[details]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.00160v1.pdf)

:white_check_mark: [2] [[PDF]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxKBnD5y2M8NbzBUbXRwUDBZOVU/view)(NIPS Lecun Slides)
